Add documentation guide of the CustomerSync. (#597)
commercetools/commercetools-sync-java: docs/usage/CUSTOMER_SYNC.md

````
The result of the completing the `syncStatisticsStage` in the previous code snippet contains a `CustomerSyncStatistics`
which contains all the stats of the sync process; which includes a report message, the total number of updated, created,
failed, processed cart discounts, and the processing time of the last sync batch in different time units and in a
human-readable format.

````java
final CustomerSyncStatistics stats = syncStatisticsStage.toCompletebleFuture().join();
stats.getReportMessage();
/*"Summary: 100 customers were processed in total (11 created, 87 updated, 2 failed to sync)."*/
````

__Note__ The statistics object contains the processing time of the last batch only. This is due to two reasons:

 1. The sync processing time should not take into account the time between supplying batches to the sync.
 2. It is not known by the sync which batch is going to be the last one supplied.

#### More examples of how to use the sync

 [Sync from an external source](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/integration-test/java/com/commercetools/sync/integration/externalsource/customers/CustomerSyncIT.java).

> *Make sure to read the [Important Usage Tips](IMPORTANT_USAGE_TIPS.md) for optimal performance.*

Reviewer: Those are changed with the latest master, so you need to show example usages of the sync options.

Reviewer: For example https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/master/docs/usage/CART_DISCOUNT_SYNC.md#about-syncoptions

Author: I added the part about SyncOptions: d3048593.

A utility method provided by the library to compare a `Customer` to a new `CustomerDraft`. The results are collected in a list of customer update actions.
```java
List<UpdateAction<Customer>> updateActions = CustomerSyncUtils.buildActions(customer, customerDraft, customerSyncOptions);
```

### Build particular update action(s)
The library provides utility methods to compare specific fields of a `Customer` and a new `CustomerDraft`, and builds the update action(s) as a result.
One example is the `buildChangeEmailUpdateAction` which compare email addresses:
````java
Optional<UpdateAction<Customer>> updateAction = CustomerUpdateActionUtils.buildChangeEmailAction(oldCustomer, customerDraft);
````

More examples for particular update actions can be found in the test scenarios for [CustomerUpdateActionUtils](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/test/java/com/commercetools/sync/customers/utils/CustomerUpdateActionUtilsTest.java)
and [AddressUpdateActionUtils](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/tree/master/src/test/java/com/commercetools/sync/customers/utils/AddressUpdateActionUtilsTest.java).

##Caveats

> Customer passwords are not being synced.

Reviewer: Here this is only for update cases, not for the creation of a new customer, so can you describe it in more clear way.

Author: What happens if a new customer is created? It is created with all the information that could be synced but without a password?

Author: 78163328

                    .collect(Collectors.toList());
                        
final CustomerSyncOptions customerSyncOptions = CustomerSyncOptionsBuilder
                    .of(CTP_CLIENT)
                    .beforeUpdateCallback(beforeUpdateCallback)
                    .build();
````

##### 4. `beforeCreateCallback`
During the sync process if a cart discount draft should be created, this callback can be used to intercept 
the **_create_** request just before it is sent to commercetools platform.  It contains following information : 

 * customer draft that should be created
 ````java

 final Function<CustomerDraft, CustomerDraft> draftFunction =
             customerDraft -> CustomerDraftBuilder.of(customerDraft)
                                                  .key(customerDraft.getKey() + "_filteredKey")
                                                  .build();
 
final CustomerSyncOptions customerSyncOptions = CustomerSyncOptionsBuilder
                                                  .of(CTP_CLIENT)
                                                  .beforeCreateCallback(draftFunction)
                                                  .build();

> ````

Reviewer 2: Here we discussed with Roman a while ago. It is not easy to list out a practical example for beforeCreateCallback. We can follow the approach in other resources documents
https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/master/docs/usage/CATEGORY_SYNC.md#4-beforecreatecallback

Author: So I just add "Please refer to the [example in the product sync document](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-sync-java/blob/master/docs/usage/PRODUCT_SYNC.md#example-set-publish-stage-if-category-references-of-given-product-draft-exists)." like in Category sync?

Reviewer 2: yes :)

Author: 0f595cbd

##### 5. `batchSize`
A number that could be used to set the batch size with which customers are fetched and processed,
as customers are obtained from the target project on commercetools platform in batches for better performance. The 

> algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding cart discounts 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
algorithm accumulates up to `batchSize` resources from the input list, then fetches the corresponding customers
```

from the target project on commercetools platform in a single request. Playing with this option can slightly improve or 

> reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is 50 for customer discount sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reduce processing speed. If it is not set, the default batch size is 50 for customer sync.
```
